You will be making changes to the starter code for final assignment 2 (Links to an external site.) to show the effect of multiple alterations on the feature set for a neural network (a.k.a. Multi-layer Perceptron in scikit-learn (Links to an external site.)). You will show the results of different image feature set representations on the various performance measures defined by Flach on page 57 (Links to an external site.) and implemented in my_measures.py (Links to an external site.). 

This assignment is worth 4 points, which is the equivalent of 4% of your final grade. Late submissions will automatically receive 0 points. If in your Jupyter notebook the value for the parameter random_state (also known as my_random_seed in the starter code) is 74, it is an automatic 0 (you can provide any integer value except 74). 

In the Canvas for this course, go to Discussions > Canvas Discussion Assignment 4. Click “Reply” on the main thread to publish your assignment. It should the following:

include one or more graphs/plots that show the result of your work on the assignment (1.5 points)
a short (one or two paragraphs) description of your work and a summary of your results (1.5 points) 
the url to your Jupyter notebook(s) on GitHub (1 point)
Your graph(s) will show multiple comparisons (at least three!) of different feature set representations (including the default representation in the starter code (Links to an external site.)), for both the training and test sets. This Jupyter notebook (Links to an external site.) can be used as a sandbox for experimenting with various feature set representations in scikit-image (Links to an external site.). 

Your graph(s) should clearly show the result of your experiment for both the training and test sets (one option is to show the ROC plots in the starter code for train and test, for each of the values of alpha, though it would be much more effective if you could display it all in a single graph). Your short (1-2 paragraph description) should clearly summarize the changes you made and why. Include the url to the specific location within your GitHub repository with your Jupyter notebook(s) for this assignment. 

Optional but encouraged: you may reply to others’ postings. 